work schedule. Flexibility is on Lee, based on what your superior wants
you to do. Um, even being a leader, even being the superior other
people doesn't automatically mean you can flex your work schedule just
because you want to. And in fact, there is an argument that that
some people might make that your work schedule should be more stringent
than those working below you. I was fortunate and that my superiors
wanted me to get my work done and if I did not need to be there,
and my our shop had gotten everything done than we were good to go.
But it does. Just because you're a leader doesn't automatically mean
you have flexibility, your work hours.